{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green79\blue188;\red178\green178\blue178;\red133\green0\blue2;
\red103\green0\blue109;\red135\green138\blue4;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13206\c30848\c73913;\cssrgb\c75000\c75000\c75000;\cssrgb\c60000\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c48750\c0\c50225;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf1 \cb2 \CocoaLigature0 Last login: Tue Jul 18 14:20:49 on console\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:~ aleksejs.sedihs$ git\
usage: git [--version] [--help] [-C <path>] [-c name=value]\
           [--exec-path[=<path>]] [--html-path] [--man-path] [--info-path]\
           [-p | --paginate | --no-pager] [--no-replace-objects] [--bare]\
           [--git-dir=<path>] [--work-tree=<path>] [--namespace=<name>]\
           <command> [<args>]\
\
These are common Git commands used in various situations:\
\
start a working area (see also: git help tutorial)\
   clone      Clone a repository into a new directory\
   init       Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one\
\
work on the current change (see also: git help everyday)\
   add        Add file contents to the index\
   mv         Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink\
   reset      Reset current HEAD to the specified state\
   rm         Remove files from the working tree and from the index\
\
examine the history and state (see also: git help revisions)\
   bisect     Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug\
   grep       Print lines matching a pattern\
   log        Show commit logs\
   show       Show various types of objects\
   status     Show the working tree status\
\
grow, mark and tweak your common history\
   branch     List, create, or delete branches\
   checkout   Switch branches or restore working tree files\
   commit     Record changes to the repository\
   diff       Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc\
   merge      Join two or more development histories together\
   rebase     Reapply commits on top of another base tip\
   tag        Create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG\
\
collaborate (see also: git help workflows)\
   fetch      Download objects and refs from another repository\
   pull       Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch\
   push       Update remote refs along with associated objects\
\
'git help -a' and 'git help -g' list available subcommands and some\
concept guides. See 'git help <command>' or 'git help <concept>'\
to read about a specific subcommand or concept.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:~ aleksejs.sedihs$ cd ~\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:~ aleksejs.sedihs$ git clone https://github.com/asedihs/Picogram.git\
Cloning into 'Picogram'...\
remote: Counting objects: 3, done.\
remote: Total 3 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0\
Unpacking objects: 100% (3/3), done.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:~ aleksejs.sedihs$ pwd\
/Users/aleksejs.sedihs\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:~ aleksejs.sedihs$ cd picogram/\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ git status\
On branch master\
Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.\
nothing to commit, working tree clean\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ l\
-bash: l: command not found\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ ls\
README.md\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm init\
This utility will walk you through creating a package.json file.\
It only covers the most common items, and tries to guess sensible defaults.\
\
See `npm help json` for definitive documentation on these fields\
and exactly what they do.\
\
Use `npm install <pkg> --save` afterwards to install a package and\
save it as a dependency in the package.json file.\
\
Press ^C at any time to quit.\
name: (Picogram) \
Sorry, name can no longer contain capital letters.\
name: (Picogram) picogram\
version: (1.0.0) 0.0.1\
description: Bootcamp picogram\
entry point: (index.js) \
test command: \
git repository: (https://github.com/asedihs/Picogram.git) \
keywords: \
author: Aleksejs Sedihs\
license: (ISC) \
About to write to /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/package.json:\
\
\{\
  "name": "picogram",\
  "version": "0.0.1",\
  "description": "Bootcamp picogram",\
  "main": "index.js",\
  "scripts": \{\
    "test": "echo \\"Error: no test specified\\" && exit 1"\
  \},\
  "repository": \{\
    "type": "git",\
    "url": "git+https://github.com/asedihs/Picogram.git"\
  \},\
  "author": "Aleksejs Sedihs",\
  "license": "ISC",\
  "bugs": \{\
    "url": "https://github.com/asedihs/Picogram/issues"\
  \},\
  "homepage": "https://github.com/asedihs/Picogram#readme"\
\}\
\
\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm intall --save-dev babel-loader babel-core babel-presets-es2015\
\
Usage: npm <command>\
\
where <command> is one of:\
    access, adduser, bin, bugs, c, cache, completion, config,\
    ddp, dedupe, deprecate, dist-tag, docs, edit, explore, get,\
    help, help-search, i, init, install, install-test, it, link,\
    list, ln, login, logout, ls, outdated, owner, pack, ping,\
    prefix, prune, publish, rb, rebuild, repo, restart, root,\
    run, run-script, s, se, search, set, shrinkwrap, star,\
    stars, start, stop, t, tag, team, test, tst, un, uninstall,\
    unpublish, unstar, up, update, v, version, view, whoami\
\
npm <cmd> -h     quick help on <cmd>\
npm -l           display full usage info\
npm help <term>  search for help on <term>\
npm help npm     involved overview\
\
Specify configs in the ini-formatted file:\
    /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/.npmrc\
or on the command line via: npm <command> --key value\
Config info can be viewed via: npm help config\
\
npm@3.10.10 /usr/local/lib/node_modules/npm\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev babel-loader babel-core babel-presets-es2015\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Darwin 16.3.0\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 argv\cf1  "/usr/local/bin/node" "/usr/local/bin/npm" "install" "--save-dev" "babel-loader" "babel-core" "babel-presets-es2015"\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 node\cf1  v6.11.1\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 npm \cf1  v3.10.10\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 code\cf1  E404\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Registry returned 404 for GET on https://registry.npmjs.org/babel-presets-es2015\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1   'babel-presets-es2015' is not in the npm registry.\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  You should bug the author to publish it (or use the name yourself!)\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Note that you can also install from a\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  tarball, folder, http url, or git url.\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Please include the following file with any support request:\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2      /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/npm-debug.log\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev babel-loader babel-core babel-presets-es2015\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Darwin 16.3.0\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 argv\cf1  "/usr/local/bin/node" "/usr/local/bin/npm" "install" "--save-dev" "babel-loader" "babel-core" "babel-presets-es2015"\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 node\cf1  v6.11.1\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 npm \cf1  v3.10.10\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 code\cf1  E404\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Registry returned 404 for GET on https://registry.npmjs.org/babel-presets-es2015\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1   'babel-presets-es2015' is not in the npm registry.\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  You should bug the author to publish it (or use the name yourself!)\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Note that you can also install from a\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  tarball, folder, http url, or git url.\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Please include the following file with any support request:\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2      /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/npm-debug.log\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev less less-loader\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 less@2.7.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 errno@0.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 prr@0.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 graceful-fs@4.1.11\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 image-size@0.5.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 mime@1.3.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 mkdirp@0.5.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimist@0.0.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 promise@7.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asap@2.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 request@2.81.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 aws-sign2@0.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 aws4@1.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 caseless@0.12.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 combined-stream@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 delayed-stream@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extend@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 forever-agent@0.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 form-data@2.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asynckit@0.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 har-validator@4.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 ajv@4.11.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 co@4.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 json-stable-stringify@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsonify@0.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 har-schema@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 hawk@3.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 boom@2.10.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cryptiles@2.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hoek@2.16.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 sntp@1.0.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 http-signature@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 jsprim@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extsprintf@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-schema@0.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 verror@1.3.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 sshpk@1.13.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asn1@0.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 bcrypt-pbkdf@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 dashdash@1.14.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ecc-jsbn@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 getpass@0.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsbn@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tweetnacl@0.14.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-typedarray@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 isstream@0.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-stringify-safe@5.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 mime-types@2.1.15\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 mime-db@1.27.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 oauth-sign@0.8.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 performance-now@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 qs@6.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 safe-buffer@5.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 stringstream@0.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 tough-cookie@2.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 punycode@1.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tunnel-agent@0.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uuid@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 source-map@0.5.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 less-loader@4.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 clone@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 loader-utils@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 big.js@3.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 emojis-list@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json5@0.5.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 pify@2.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf4 \cb0 UNMET PEER DEPENDENCY\cf1 \cb2  webpack@^2.0.0 || ^3.0.0\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  less-loader@4.0.5 requires a peer of webpack@^2.0.0 || ^3.0.0 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev babel-core babel-loader babel-preset-es2015\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-core@6.25.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-code-frame@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@1.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@2.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 escape-string-regexp@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 has-ansi@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-regex@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 strip-ansi@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 esutils@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 js-tokens@3.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-generator@6.25.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 detect-indent@4.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 repeating@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-finite@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 number-is-nan@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsesc@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 trim-right@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helpers@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-messages@6.23.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-register@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 core-js@2.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 home-or-tmp@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 os-homedir@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 os-tmpdir@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 source-map-support@0.4.15\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-runtime@6.23.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 regenerator-runtime@0.10.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-template@6.25.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-traverse@6.25.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 globals@9.18.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 invariant@2.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 loose-envify@1.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-types@6.25.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 to-fast-properties@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babylon@6.17.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 convert-source-map@1.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 debug@2.6.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ms@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 lodash@4.17.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 minimatch@3.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 brace-expansion@1.1.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 balanced-match@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 concat-map@0.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-is-absolute@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 private@0.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 slash@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-loader@7.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 find-cache-dir@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 commondir@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 make-dir@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 pkg-dir@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 find-up@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474        \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 locate-path@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474          \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 p-locate@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474          \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 p-limit@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474          \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-exists@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-preset-es2015@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-check-es2015-constants@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-arrow-functions@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-block-scoped-functions@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-block-scoping@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-classes@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-define-map@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-function-name@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-optimise-call-expression@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-replace-supers@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-computed-properties@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-destructuring@6.23.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-duplicate-keys@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-for-of@6.23.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-function-name@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-literals@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-amd@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-commonjs@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-strict-mode@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-systemjs@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-hoist-variables@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-umd@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-object-super@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-parameters@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-call-delegate@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-get-function-arity@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-shorthand-properties@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-spread@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-sticky-regex@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-helper-regex@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-template-literals@6.22.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-typeof-symbol@6.23.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-es2015-unicode-regex@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 regexpu-core@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 regenerate@1.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 regjsgen@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 regjsparser@0.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsesc@0.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 babel-plugin-transform-regenerator@6.24.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 regenerator-transform@0.9.11\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf4 \cb0 UNMET PEER DEPENDENCY\cf1 \cb2  webpack@2 || 3\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  less-loader@4.0.5 requires a peer of webpack@^2.0.0 || ^3.0.0 but none was installed.\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  babel-loader@7.1.1 requires a peer of webpack@2 || 3 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev webpack webpack-dev-server\
\
> fsevents@1.1.2 install /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/node_modules/fsevents\
> node install\
\
[fsevents] Success: "/Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/node_modules/fsevents/lib/binding/Release/node-v48-darwin-x64/fse.node" already installed\
Pass --update-binary to reinstall or --build-from-source to recompile\
\
> uglifyjs-webpack-plugin@0.4.6 postinstall /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/node_modules/uglifyjs-webpack-plugin\
> node lib/post_install.js\
\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 webpack@3.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 acorn@5.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 acorn-dynamic-import@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 acorn@4.0.13\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf4 \cb0 UNMET PEER DEPENDENCY\cf1 \cb2  ajv@5.2.2\
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fast-deep-equal@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-schema-traverse@0.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ajv-keywords@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 async@2.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 enhanced-resolve@3.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 object-assign@4.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 escope@3.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 es6-map@0.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 d@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 es5-ext@0.10.24\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 es6-iterator@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 es6-set@0.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 es6-symbol@3.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 event-emitter@0.3.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 es6-weak-map@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 esrecurse@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 estraverse@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 interpret@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-loader@0.5.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 loader-runner@2.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 memory-fs@0.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 readable-stream@2.3.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 core-util-is@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 isarray@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 process-nextick-args@1.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 string_decoder@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 util-deprecate@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 node-libs-browser@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert@1.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-zlib@0.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 pako@0.2.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 buffer@4.9.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 base64-js@1.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ieee754@1.1.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 console-browserify@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 date-now@0.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 constants-browserify@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 crypto-browserify@3.11.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-cipher@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-aes@1.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 buffer-xor@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-des@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 des.js@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 evp_bytestokey@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-sign@4.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 bn.js@4.11.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 browserify-rsa@4.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 elliptic@6.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 brorand@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hash.js@1.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hmac-drbg@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimalistic-crypto-utils@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 parse-asn1@5.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asn1.js@4.9.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 create-ecdh@4.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 create-hash@1.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cipher-base@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 ripemd160@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hash-base@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 sha.js@2.4.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 create-hmac@1.1.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 diffie-hellman@5.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 miller-rabin@4.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 pbkdf2@3.0.12\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 public-encrypt@4.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 randombytes@2.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 domain-browser@1.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 events@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 https-browserify@0.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 os-browserify@0.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-browserify@0.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 process@0.11.10\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 querystring-es3@0.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 stream-browserify@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 stream-http@2.7.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 builtin-status-codes@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 to-arraybuffer@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 xtend@4.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 string_decoder@0.10.31\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 timers-browserify@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 setimmediate@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tty-browserify@0.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 url@0.11.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 punycode@1.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 querystring@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 util@0.10.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 inherits@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 vm-browserify@0.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 indexof@0.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@3.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tapable@0.2.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 uglifyjs-webpack-plugin@0.4.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 uglify-js@2.8.29\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uglify-to-browserify@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 yargs@3.10.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 camelcase@1.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 cliui@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 center-align@0.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 align-text@0.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 longest@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 lazy-cache@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 right-align@0.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 wordwrap@0.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 window-size@0.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 watchpack@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 webpack-sources@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 source-list-map@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 yargs@6.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 camelcase@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 cliui@3.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 wrap-ansi@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 decamelize@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 get-caller-file@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 os-locale@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 lcid@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 invert-kv@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 read-pkg-up@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 find-up@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-exists@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 read-pkg@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 load-json-file@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 parse-json@2.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 error-ex@1.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-arrayish@0.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 strip-bom@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-utf8@0.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-type@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 require-directory@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 require-main-filename@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 set-blocking@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 string-width@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 code-point-at@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-fullwidth-code-point@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 which-module@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 y18n@3.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 yargs-parser@4.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 camelcase@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 webpack-dev-server@2.5.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-html@0.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 bonjour@3.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 array-flatten@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 deep-equal@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 dns-equal@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 dns-txt@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 buffer-indexof@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 multicast-dns@6.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 dns-packet@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ip@1.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 thunky@0.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 multicast-dns-service-types@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chokidar@1.7.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 anymatch@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 arrify@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 async-each@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 fsevents@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 nan@2.6.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 node-pre-gyp@0.6.36\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 mkdirp@0.5.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimist@0.0.8\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 nopt@4.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 abbrev@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 osenv@0.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 os-homedir@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 os-tmpdir@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 npmlog@4.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 are-we-there-yet@1.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 delegates@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 console-control-strings@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 gauge@2.7.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 aproba@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-unicode@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 object-assign@4.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 signal-exit@3.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 string-width@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 code-point-at@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-fullwidth-code-point@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 number-is-nan@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 strip-ansi@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-regex@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 wide-align@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 set-blocking@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 rc@1.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 deep-extend@0.4.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ini@1.3.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimist@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 strip-json-comments@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 request@2.81.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 aws-sign2@0.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 aws4@1.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 caseless@0.12.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 combined-stream@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 delayed-stream@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extend@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 forever-agent@0.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 form-data@2.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asynckit@0.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 har-validator@4.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 ajv@4.11.8\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 co@4.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 json-stable-stringify@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsonify@0.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 har-schema@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 hawk@3.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 boom@2.10.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cryptiles@2.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hoek@2.16.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 sntp@1.0.9\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 http-signature@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 jsprim@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extsprintf@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-schema@0.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 verror@1.3.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 sshpk@1.13.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 asn1@0.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 bcrypt-pbkdf@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 dashdash@1.14.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ecc-jsbn@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 getpass@0.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 assert-plus@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jodid25519@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jsbn@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tweetnacl@0.14.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-typedarray@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 isstream@0.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json-stringify-safe@5.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 mime-types@2.1.15\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 mime-db@1.27.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 oauth-sign@0.8.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 performance-now@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 qs@6.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 safe-buffer@5.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 stringstream@0.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 tough-cookie@2.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 punycode@1.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 tunnel-agent@0.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uuid@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 rimraf@2.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 glob@7.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fs.realpath@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 inflight@1.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 minimatch@3.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 brace-expansion@1.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 balanced-match@0.4.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 concat-map@0.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-is-absolute@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 semver@5.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 tar@2.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 block-stream@0.0.9\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 fstream@1.0.11\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 graceful-fs@4.1.11\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 inherits@2.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 tar-pack@3.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 debug@2.6.8\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ms@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fstream-ignore@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 once@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 wrappy@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 readable-stream@2.2.9\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 buffer-shims@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 core-util-is@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 isarray@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 process-nextick-args@1.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 string_decoder@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 util-deprecate@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uid-number@0.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 glob-parent@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 inherits@2.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-binary-path@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 binary-extensions@1.8.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-glob@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-extglob@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 readdirp@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 set-immediate-shim@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 compression@1.7.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 accepts@1.3.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 negotiator@0.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 bytes@2.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 compressible@2.0.10\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 on-headers@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 vary@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 connect-history-api-fallback@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 del@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 globby@6.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 array-union@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 array-uniq@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 glob@7.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fs.realpath@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 inflight@1.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 wrappy@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 once@1.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-path-cwd@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-path-in-cwd@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-path-inside@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-is-inside@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 p-map@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 pify@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 rimraf@2.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 express@4.15.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 array-flatten@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 content-disposition@0.5.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 content-type@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cookie@0.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cookie-signature@1.0.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 debug@2.6.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 depd@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 encodeurl@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 escape-html@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 etag@1.8.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 finalhandler@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 debug@2.6.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 unpipe@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fresh@0.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 merge-descriptors@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 methods@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 on-finished@2.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ee-first@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 parseurl@1.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 path-to-regexp@0.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 proxy-addr@1.1.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 forwarded@0.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ipaddr.js@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 range-parser@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 send@0.15.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 debug@2.6.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 destroy@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 mime@1.3.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 serve-static@1.12.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 setprototypeof@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 statuses@1.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 type-is@1.6.15\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 media-typer@0.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 utils-merge@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 html-entities@1.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 http-proxy-middleware@0.17.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 http-proxy@1.16.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 eventemitter3@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 requires-port@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-glob@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-extglob@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 micromatch@2.3.11\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 arr-diff@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 arr-flatten@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 array-unique@0.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 braces@1.8.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 expand-range@1.8.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 fill-range@2.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-number@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 isobject@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 randomatic@1.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-number@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 kind-of@3.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 kind-of@4.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 repeat-string@1.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 preserve@0.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 repeat-element@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 expand-brackets@0.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-posix-bracket@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extglob@0.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 filename-regex@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 kind-of@3.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-buffer@1.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 normalize-path@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 remove-trailing-separator@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 object.omit@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 for-own@0.1.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 for-in@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-extendable@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 parse-glob@3.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 glob-base@0.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-dotfile@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 regex-cache@0.4.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474      \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-equal-shallow@0.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-primitive@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 internal-ip@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 meow@3.7.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 camelcase-keys@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 camelcase@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 loud-rejection@1.6.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 currently-unhandled@0.4.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 array-find-index@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 signal-exit@3.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 map-obj@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimist@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 normalize-package-data@2.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hosted-git-info@2.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-builtin-module@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 builtin-modules@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 semver@5.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 validate-npm-package-license@3.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 spdx-correct@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 spdx-license-ids@1.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 spdx-expression-parse@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 redent@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 indent-string@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 strip-indent@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 get-stdin@4.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 trim-newlines@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 opn@4.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 pinkie-promise@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 pinkie@2.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 portfinder@1.0.13\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 async@1.5.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 selfsigned@1.9.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 node-forge@0.6.33\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 serve-index@1.9.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 batch@0.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 http-errors@1.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 sockjs@0.3.18\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 faye-websocket@0.10.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 websocket-driver@0.6.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 websocket-extensions@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uuid@2.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 sockjs-client@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 eventsource@0.1.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 original@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 url-parse@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 querystringify@0.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 faye-websocket@0.11.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 json3@3.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 url-parse@1.1.9\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 querystringify@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 spdy@3.4.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 handle-thing@1.2.5\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 http-deceiver@1.2.7\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 select-hose@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 spdy-transport@2.0.20\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 detect-node@2.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 hpack.js@2.1.6\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 obuf@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 wbuf@1.7.2\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 minimalistic-assert@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@3.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 webpack-dev-middleware@1.11.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  ajv-keywords@2.1.0 requires a peer of ajv@>=5.0.0 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev css-loader file-loader style-loader url-loader\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 css-loader@0.28.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 css-selector-tokenizer@0.7.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 cssesc@0.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 fastparse@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 regexpu-core@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 cssnano@3.10.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 autoprefixer@6.7.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 browserslist@1.7.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 electron-to-chromium@1.3.16\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 caniuse-db@1.0.30000703\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 normalize-range@0.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 num2fraction@1.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 defined@1.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 has@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 function-bind@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-calc@5.3.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-message-helpers@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 reduce-css-calc@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 balanced-match@0.4.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 math-expression-evaluator@1.2.17\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 reduce-function-call@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 balanced-match@0.4.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-colormin@2.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 colormin@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 color@0.11.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 clone@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 color-convert@1.9.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 color-name@1.1.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 color-string@0.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 css-color-names@0.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-convert-values@2.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-discard-comments@2.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-discard-duplicates@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-discard-empty@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-discard-overridden@0.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-discard-unused@2.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uniqs@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-filter-plugins@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 uniqid@4.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 macaddress@0.2.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-merge-idents@2.1.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-merge-longhand@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-merge-rules@2.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 caniuse-api@1.6.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 lodash.memoize@4.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 lodash.uniq@4.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-selector-parser@2.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 flatten@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 indexes-of@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 uniq@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 vendors@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-minify-font-values@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-minify-gradients@1.0.5\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-minify-params@1.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 alphanum-sort@1.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-minify-selectors@2.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-normalize-charset@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-normalize-url@3.0.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-absolute-url@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 normalize-url@1.9.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 prepend-http@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 query-string@4.3.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 strict-uri-encode@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 sort-keys@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 is-plain-obj@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-ordered-values@2.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-reduce-idents@2.4.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-reduce-initial@1.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-reduce-transforms@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-svgo@2.1.6\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 is-svg@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 html-comment-regex@1.1.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 svgo@0.7.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 coa@1.0.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 q@1.5.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 colors@1.1.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 csso@2.3.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 clap@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 js-yaml@3.7.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 argparse@1.0.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 sprintf-js@1.0.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 esprima@2.7.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 sax@1.2.4\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 whet.extend@0.9.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-unique-selectors@2.0.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-zindex@2.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 icss-utils@2.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@6.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 lodash.camelcase@4.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@5.2.17\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 js-base64@2.1.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@3.2.3\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-modules-extract-imports@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@6.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-modules-local-by-default@1.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@6.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-modules-scope@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@6.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-modules-values@1.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 icss-replace-symbols@1.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 postcss@6.0.7\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 chalk@2.0.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ansi-styles@3.1.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 supports-color@4.2.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9474      \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 has-flag@2.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 postcss-value-parser@3.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 source-list-map@0.1.8\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 file-loader@0.11.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 style-loader@0.18.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474  \u9492 \u9472 \u9516  \cf6 \cb0 schema-utils@0.3.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 ajv@5.2.2\cf1 \cb2  \
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 url-loader@0.5.9\cf1 \cb2  \
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  ajv-keywords@2.1.0 requires a peer of ajv@>=5.0.0 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save-dev extract-text-webpack-plugin\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 extract-text-webpack-plugin@3.0.0\cf1 \cb2  \
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  ajv-keywords@2.1.0 requires a peer of ajv@>=5.0.0 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save jquerry\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Darwin 16.3.0\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 argv\cf1  "/usr/local/bin/node" "/usr/local/bin/npm" "install" "--save" "jquerry"\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 node\cf1  v6.11.1\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 npm \cf1  v3.10.10\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 code\cf1  E404\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Registry returned 404 for GET on https://registry.npmjs.org/jquerry\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1   'jquerry' is not in the npm registry.\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  You should bug the author to publish it (or use the name yourself!)\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  \
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  Note that you can also install from a\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  \cf5 404\cf1  tarball, folder, http url, or git url.\
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2  Please include the following file with any support request:\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf4 \cb0 ERR!\cf1 \cb2      /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram/npm-debug.log\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ npm install --save jquery\
picogram@0.0.1 /Users/aleksejs.sedihs/Picogram\
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  \cf6 \cb0 jquery@3.2.1\cf1 \cb2  \
\
\cf3 \cb0 npm\cf1 \cb2  \cf0 \cb6 WARN\cf1 \cb2  ajv-keywords@2.1.0 requires a peer of ajv@>=5.0.0 but none was installed.\
MacBook-Air-Aleksej:picogram aleksejs.sedihs$ \
}